docs(changelog) add entry for #8560 (#8578)
Kong/kong: CHANGELOG.md

- **ACME**: `auth_method` default value is set to `token`
[#8565](https://github.com/Kong/kong/pull/8565)

> - Removed blacklist/whitelist config fields from bot-detection, ip-restriction and ACL plugins.

Reviewer: Need the PR number as well.
```suggestion
- Remove deprecated `blacklist`/`whitelist` config fields from bot-detection, ip-restriction and ACL plugins.
```
